type setting (#2304)
arbor-sim/arbor: doc/tutorial/nmodl.rst

instead. Parameters are either ``GLOBAL`` or ``RANGE``, never both. The
difference is subtle and non-existent for our single CV. The rule of thumb is
that if you expect a parameter to vary smoothly across the neuron, make it
``RANGE`` and if you expect discrete, clearly delineated regions with
discontinuous values, go for ``GLOBAL``. If in doubt, choose ``RANGE``.

> Performance-wise, ``GLOBAL`` is more efficient as ``RANGE`` parameter consumes

Reviewer: The whole thing might be better expressed as:
```
Comparing the performance impact of parameters, ``GLOBAL`` is more efficient than ``RANGE``.
While ``RANGE`` parameters consume one memory location (and access) per CV, those tagged ``GLOBAL``
require only one location (and access) *regardless* of CV count. Thus, all things being equal, prefer ``GLOBAL``.
```

.. literalinclude:: ../../python/example/hh/mod/hh04.mod
  :lines: 49-55

> The ``FUNCTION`` constructs introduce a function which can only access its

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``FUNCTION`` construct introduces a function which can only access its
```
since 'a function' later in the sentence.

Things to take note of here is ``celsius``, which contains the temperature in
degrees Celsius. While it is listed as ``PARAMETER`` here, it is not a real
parameter but rather a built-in variable. Adding it to ``PARAMETER`` makes it

> available in the NMODL file. Adding the potential here, too, is not needed,

Reviewer: This should be:
```
Adding the potential here, too, is not required but considered good form.
```
